America's considered a very isolated in
this country because we don't travel we
gotta go to know you don't see you feel
it touch smell food music and the
language well will tell us about
traveling I mean what is traveling how
given T is important before I went over
with Lionel Hampton this was interesting
because in 1933 a lot of heavy things
happened I was 19 years old Robert Moore
or a number of enrollee offender came to
see Montgomery's West Montgomery's
brothers playing bass with us and said
this is the future as a Fender bass
didn't know what it was and mom took it
and then Webster told me said Young
Blood step into my office many political
here we go again I listen everywhere you
go listen to the music to real people
listen to I learned it to food the
language and the music is what's the
soul of a culture is about and that's
why we put together consortium now we've
had enough for a year and there's some
fourth meeting for the smartest
musicians her beard Santana that are all
universities Alan Kay who invented the
computer one of the movements of the
internet or shawn fanning and absolutely
got everybody mo to do a curriculum sort
of the kids know their music everybody
in the world knows everything about
american music except Americans they
don't know as a kid in LA in up in
Seattle so do you think that was also
nice i heard the name heard the name
it's what what about cold silent and
then oh look Ellington and Sally Bacchus
don't know what you're talking about
it's complex and it's a sociological
situation you know but we we not only
comes to doesn't have a list of culture
and that's what we're trying to fix with
the curriculum so forth it's very
important to know will you come from
easy to get where you're going cuz if
you think you know I saw some god sue
histories black music man they have
rapped over the cotton club with Duke
Ellington Cab Calloway alien arms as
they don't know no and why can they know
if their parents don't know its many
cases appearances once
on the schools don't know but it's
changing because everywhere in the world
from Abu Dhabi to Shanghai to Cairo to
jimmys and put them in Monte Carlo to
Soweto everything everybody's into it
you know and i think the bottom of my
heart the rappers could revolutionize
education revolutionized they really
good because it because of the content
they I'm talking about bling bling and
Benjamin's and bitches and hoes and all
that stuff just the content the content
they could change and you don't have to
clean up and then get the good you know
to sell out I know how to rule you know
Oh translated translated to your own
languages I guarantee you our straight
life teacher goes in class the kids are
accustom not calling the mofo and all
the stuff and everything else that
cat'll come and spit out then the first
eight bars j 0 TI bo bo some and they
listen to pay attention because you're
speaking the language is the same with
the conscious exactly the same thing